{"en":"In 1908 Lord Northcliffe offered a prize of $1, 000 to the first man who would fly across the English Channel. ^ 1908","ch":"年， 诺斯克利夫勋爵拿出1, 000英镑， 作为对第一个飞越英吉利海峡的人的奖励。  "}
{"en":"Over a year passed before the first attempt was made. ^ ","ch":"然而一年多过去了才有人出来尝试。  "}
{"en":"On July 19th,  1909,  in the early morning,  Hubert Latham took off from the French coast in his plane the 'Antoinette IV'. ^ 1909","ch":"年7月19日凌晨， 休伯特. 莱瑟姆驾驶“安特瓦特4号”飞机从法国海岸起飞，  "}
{"en":"He had travelled only seven miles across the Channel when his engine failed and he was forced to land on the sea. ^ ","ch":"但他只在海峡上空飞行了7英里， 引擎就发生了故障， 他只好降落在海面上。  "}
{"en":"The 'Antoinette' floated on the water until Latham was picked up by a ship. ^ “","ch":"安特瓦特”号飞机在海上漂浮， 后来有船经过， 莱瑟姆方才获救。  "}
{"en":"Two days later,  Louis Bleriot arrived near Calais with a plane called 'No.  XI'. ^ ","ch":"两天之后， 路易斯. 布莱里奥驾驶一名为“11号”的飞机来到加来附近。  "}
{"en":"Bleriot had been making planes since 1905 and this was his latest model. ^ ","ch":"布莱里奥从1905年起便开始研制飞机， “11号”飞机是他制作的最新型号。  "}
{"en":"A week before,  he had completed a successful overland flight during which he covered twenty-six miles. ^ ","ch":"一周以前， 他曾成功地进行了一次26英里的陆上飞行。  "}
{"en":"He,  too,  arrived near Calais on the same day with a new 'Antoinette'. ^ ","ch":"同一天， 他驾驶一架新的“安特瓦特”号飞机来到了加来附近。  "}
{"en":"It looked as if there would be an exciting race across the Channel. ^ ","ch":"看来会有一场激烈的飞越英吉利海峡的竞争。  "}
{"en":"Both planes were going to take off on July 25th, ^ ","ch":"两天飞机都打算在7月25日起飞，  "}
{"en":"After making a short test flight at 4: 15 a. m. ,  Bleriot set off half an hour later. ^ ","ch":"布莱里奥凌晨4点15分作了一次短距离试飞， 半小时后便正式出发了。  "}
{"en":"His great flight lasted thirty-seven minutes. ^ ","ch":"他这次伟大的飞行持续了37分钟。  "}
{"en":"When he landed near Dover,  the first person to greet him was a local policeman. ^ ","ch":"当他在多佛着陆后， 第一个迎接他的是当地一名警察。  "}
{"en":"Latham made another attempt a week later and got within half a mile of Dover,  but he was unlucky again. ^ ","ch":"莱瑟姆一周以后也作了一次尝试， 飞到离多佛不到半英里的地方。 这次他又遭厄运，  "}
{"en":"His engine failed and he landed on the sea for the second time. ^ ","ch":"因引擎故障第二次降落在海面上。  "}